Abraham Lincoln was the 16th president of the United States. True
World War II ended in 1945. True
Genghis khan was the founder of the Mongol Empire. True
The Great Wall of China is entirely made of stone. False
Marie Curie was the first known woman to win a Nobel Prize. True
Michelangelo painted the Mona Lisa. False
The American Revolution started in 1775. True
The Soviet Union existed before World War II. True
Cleopatra was Egyptian. False
The Roman Empire was founded before the Egyptian civilization. False
The first man to walk on the moon was Neil Armstrong. True
The declaration of independance was signed in Boston. False
Henry VIII had six wives. True
Christopher Columbus didn't discover America. True
World War I began in 1914. True
Einstein failed math as a student. False
Gunpowder was invented in China. True
The Incan empire lasted for over 2,000 years. False
The saxophone was invented by Adolphe Sax. True
Tomatoes orgininally came from the New World. True
California and Texas were once part of Mexico. True
Humans were partly responsible for the extinction of dinosaurs. False
China faught in World War II. True
The Great Pyramid of Giza is the only one of the ancient wonders of the world that still stands. True
The first president of the United States was George Washington. True
The Declaration of Independence was signed in 1776. True
The Roman Empire fell in 476 AD. True
Napoleon Bonaparte was born in France. False
The Cold War involved direct fighting between the USA and USSR. False
The Magna Carta was signed in 1215. True
The Wright brothers invented the first successful airplane. True
Julius Caesar was the first emperor of Rome. False
The Black Death occurred in the 20th century. False
The United Nations was founded after World War I. False
The Battle of Hastings took place in 1066. True
The Eiffel Tower was built in the 17th century. False
Leonardo da Vinci designed a primitive version of a helicopter. True
The Berlin Wall fell in 1989. True
Vikings reached North America before Columbus. True
The Hundred Years' War actually lasted over 100 years. True